When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    Your changes can be seen by other computers/users instead of only your own computer. Also you can view the file from other places other than your computer.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Sometimes your changes done remotely might interfere with your local version. Your local version was designed with those remote changes not in mind so you don't want to automatically pull new changes all the time that interfere with the local version.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are for cloning on GitHub to your account, clone is for putting it on your local computer repository, and branches is when you do something else on a different commit that isn't your main commit line.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    So in case someone changes the code or adds a bug in the newest version, you can revert to a previous working version to use.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    It would be easier using GitHub because you can see what other branches and changes people make to your project and share it online. With git by itself, you can't share things online, but you can store things locally on your and your colleagues computers.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When you want to do experimental but not permanent changes without causing the whole master to not work. If you do it in the master you don't have to worry about merging conflicts, but if you mess up you'll have to revert to a previous commit. When you do it in the branch, you can edit your code with the base master without having to worry about any bugs corrupting the main branch. But if the master changes while you're working on your edit you might get merge conflicts.